frontend/assets/instructions.md, before:

✌🤠 Howdy! We are pretty excited to have you around to test out the very first edition of StorImages


# 🤔 Instructions
1. Drag and drop or click the dashed area to upload a zip or any of the supported formats
2. If you don't upload a valid file (a zip or a supported file format) no submit button will appear
3. System will display a window with all the files that will be processed
4. Choose any of the currently supported preset sizes
5. Press submit

If you submit a zip, a zip of thumbnails will be returned. If you submit a picture, only the new picture will be returned.

# 📸 Supported files
We currently support a handful of formats. Below those:
- .bmp
- .dib
- .dcx
- .eps
- .ps
- .gif
- .icns
- .ico
- .im
- .jpg
- .jpeg
- .jpe
- .j2k
- .j2p
- .jp2
- .jpc
- .jpf
- .jpx
- .mpo
- .msp
- .pcx
- .png
- .ppm
- .pbm
- .pgm
- .psd
- .sgi
- .tiff
- .tif
- .webp
- .xbm
- .xpm


# 💻 Development notes
At the moment we only support a single function :( but we hope to expand features soon! If you find any bug, please [report it through email](mailto:m@morez.io). Provide us some context and if possible the date and time of the error. 


# 📜 Privacy notice
We won't sell your data and we won't make any other use of the pictures you upload other than resizing them.

Just to make sure and be as transparent as possible, the system will keep original and any new pictures with different dimensions that we generate for you until the admin has time to set up a policy of deletion (hopefully in 1 week).

This is solely because of system design and the current phase of development. Eventually, files lifecycle will be bi-weekly, that is, all the pictures will be deleted after 2 weeks starting to count down from the first time we process a given file. This is in case we receive the same picture twice for the same dimensions, reduce the cost of reprocessing.

Rest assured your data is safe and we are making our best to keep it safe. However, please, don't upload any private pictures or pictures of people of which you don't own the copyrights or have their explicit consent.

Thank you for choosing StorImages. Please, [provide any feedback to us by email](mailto:m@morez.io).

Commit message:

adds important notes and removes notice

frontend/assets/instructions.md, after:

✌🤠 Howdy! We are pretty excited to have you around to test out the very first edition of StorImages

# ⚠ Important
Make sure that both the zip and the files you upload:
- **DO NOT** have spaces or scores in their names. Use underscores --->>> _
- **DO NOT** have any dot (other than the one for the extension, of course)
- **Are not** big (no more than a few megabytes, plz). This is a test version, so, although it might be able to handle big files, don't try it out just yet :)
- If you upload a zip, **make sure the zip is not corrupted** since currently we don't support fixes to corrupted zips :(

# 🤔 Instructions
1. Drag and drop or click the dashed area to upload a zip or any of the supported formats
2. If you don't upload a valid file (a zip or a supported file format) no submit button will appear
3. System will display a window with all the files that will be processed
4. Choose any of the currently supported preset sizes
5. Press submit

If you submit a zip, a zip of thumbnails will be returned. If you submit a picture, only the new picture will be returned.

# 📸 Supported files
We currently support a handful of formats. Below those:
- .bmp
- .dib
- .dcx
- .eps
- .ps
- .gif
- .icns
- .ico
- .im
- .jpg
- .jpeg
- .jpe
- .j2k
- .j2p
- .jp2
- .jpc
- .jpf
- .jpx
- .mpo
- .msp
- .pcx
- .png
- .ppm
- .pbm
- .pgm
- .psd
- .sgi
- .tiff
- .tif
- .webp
- .xbm
- .xpm


# 💻 Development notes
At the moment we only support a single function :( but we hope to expand features soon! If you find any bug, please [report it through email](mailto:m@morez.io). Provide us some context and if possible the date and time of the error.
